Use BurpSuite for proxy server to explore web detail and change cookie

First : Enumeration
nmap scan the web:
nmap -sC -sV target_ip
than find port 22(SSH), 80(HTTP) is open
then use Burp Suite proxy to passively spider the website!

#hint use burpsuite need to set up something
1. Project options -> Misc -> Burp's Browser
2. check "Allow Burp's browser to run without a sanbox."
3. check "Stop Burp's browser using the GPU."(option)

After set up the burpsuite, go to proxy and open the browser
Using the browser to visit the target_IP, and then switch to the Target tab of the burpsuite project.
It can spot some directories and files that weren't visible while browsing.

and we can find the directory of /cdn-cgi/login
we can visit it with appending them on the url.
As we have no valid credentials to get login access. However, there is also an option to log in as a Guest.
we can logged in as guests at first.
After we login we can find some new option and there would be more vulnerabilities.
Now, we need to find a way to escalate our privileges from Guest to super admin role.
One way to try this is by checking if cookies and sessions can be manipulated.
We can refresh the Accounts page, which displays the user id for our current user and intercepts the requset.
In order to enter the Developer Tools panel, we need to right-click int the content of the webpage and select the Inspect Element(Q).
Then we can navigate to the Storage section where Cookies are being presented.
After tring to change the account id (from 1 to 100),we know the admin account.
then use the admin to revisit the Uploads page, and submit a reverse shell program(reverse.php)
Before upload it, remember to change the right ip and port of the program.
and the gobuster the web, there will be a "uploads" directoy.
Before you exe the file, you need to open the listen port.
command: nc -lvnp <port>
use the admin to access the file you upload (Target_web/uploads/file).

Second : Upgrade the shell

Inorder to have a functional shell though we can issue a python3 TTY cheat sheet.
command: python3 -c 'import pty; pty.spawn("bin/bash")'

and then we can surf the target and find a legal account and password to link in the machine with ssh!

you can use the command: cat /etc/passwd
and you can also to explore the Web with the directoy "www".
If you find the account and password successfully, you can use the command to login.
command: su account
and then key in password

Third : Privilege Escalation
use the following command to try the sudo privilege
command : sudo -l
or command : id
useful command to find a file and check its privileges and type
command: locate filename (show the path of it)
command: ls -la path_to_file/filename (show its privileges)
command: file path_to_file/filename (show its type)

